New client config setting: We can throw on every response other than 2xx and 304 responses if throwOnBadResponse is set in ClientConfig. (#64)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/commerce-sdk-isomorphic: README.md

}
 ```

### Optional settings that can be set in the config object

> *throwOnBadResponse:* Default value is false. When set to true, the sdk with throw on exception on responses with statuses that is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*throwOnBadResponse:* Default value is false. When set to true, the sdk will throw an Error on responses with statuses that are not
```
